Rothschild family and their roots.
So everyone knows who they are today.

But when you trace their lineage, it hits a brick wall at a man named Isaak.

Everything about the start of their family name, from Isaak up to current Rothschild members, is available on Wikipedia.

Isaak is the first recorded member of the Rothschild family, which originated in Germany, from Isaak himself.

Everyone knows they are Jewish, by religion, and by Blood.

Now if you go into the old books, example the Bible. You will find that during the time of Jesus, specifically during the time of his crucifixion, as the Bible states, the Roman empire had Ruling. Not the Holy empire, but the one before that, obviously.

There was the Southern tribes of Israel at the time, Judah* Benjamin and Levites.

Now for context purposes Only, the Levites (priest's) ran the trial against Jesus and wanted him gone for what he was exposing of their governing at that time. Kind of like some of our unfortunately deceased conspiracy theorists vs our modern day government.

The tribe of Judah, is where Judas came from. Most of the disciples were from that tribe too.

The tribe of Benjamin made up most of the crowd that beat spat and mocked Jesus.

The Romans, they are the ones who made the final order and Executed Jesus.

So the tribes all pushed for it, the Romans did it.

Okay so that's out the way.

Jesus was executed in 30 AD around they say

and 40 years later around 70 AD the Romans Began Moving those very same tribes through military routes, including To what's known as modern day Europe.

So for more context they took those tribes as slaves, etc and moved them into Roman controlled "Germany" at the time I'm not sure what it was called.

Living in the German/European region for over 1400 years or so, they adopted the local German language at the times (which blended with Hebrew to become Yiddish), wore regional clothing styles, and adapted and changed as generations went, yet still passing down certain things. Such as hidden knowledge maybe.

So From 70 AD up to the 1500s (Isaaks birth), They adapted to local ways, adopted a different regional mindset, and CREATED a different identity (Ashkenazi Jews).

Right so now we know HOW the Rothschild family's first recorded guy Isaak exists from that region, inclusive of the rest of them. Those tribes blended mixed amongst one another and possibly others not of their tribes and travelled etc. so we know how they come from Germany now.

With that being said.. let's look at 70 AD again.

From 70 AD while those tribes Settled in what's known as modern day Europe, 540 years later in 610 AD Islam was born. This is 918 years before Isaak is born.

My conspiracy is that they CREATED the system we have Today in every way, manipulation of Christianity, Islam, And whatever else possibly, when they adapted to their new European region.

This is where it gets a bit hard to explain because everything is covered up or not available to the public.

At that time they had formulated the strategy that from this new land, they can come at the world from a new angle, which they did. I do believe they created the colonial movements way before anyone knew it was going to be a thing. I believe the colonization movements were established between 70 AD and the birth of Isaak already and just passed down before actually properly enforced. I think they had intercepted many places before reaching England, and once reached England, that's when the colonization movements really took off.

But we can also take it a step further and conspire that because Britain ultimately gave birth to the United states, that the Rothschilds play was to use the USA a massive superpower for their own game from the Jump without the USA knowing what the true purpose or creation was for behind all else.

That is my conspiracy.

Those tribes have always fought to control things, always spun the world crazy stories... Honestly if there is a devil it might be them.

But thas just MY PERSONAL take on things.

I would appreciate if someone could add to this, specifically on how they may have started the control plot I keep coming back to colonization and the birth of Britain and the USA. But it's not enough to map out exactly how they did it. But there's probably someone out here that Does know how.

If you look at the timeline you can see it's possible that they had created or infiltrated modern Christianity already through the Vatican mainly and other ways too. infiltrated islam and the Arabic world, infiltrated everything possible all Because they do have a big pull today and their manipulation tactics are on a level that is truly horrifying, considering what a grip they actually have on Humanity.